
Group Project from Probability and Statistics 2

Movie box office sales in the United States is at the forefront of the nation's entertainment industry, captivating audiences and shaping cultural trends for decades. As a testament to the power of storytelling, the box office serves as a way to measure a film's success, drawing millions of moviegoers to theaters and providing an unforgettable cinematic experience. 
Examining movie box office sales offers more than just a snapshot of a film's commercial success; it unveils the collective interests and preferences of audiences, reflecting societal tastes and values. Sales of goods is one of the best ways to help determine the success of a product, but is an extremely hard task to predict. Many factors need to be considered to help determine the success of a product. This report will share the best strategies to help predict the success of a movie, measured by the box office sales of the opening weekend utilizing the regression tree model analysis.

Regression trees are a type of decision tree algorithm used for regression analysis. They are a non-linear, non-parametric models that step recursively through the predictor variables and partition the data. They utilize an ‘if-else’ technique to partition the predictor variables, known as a split. The result is a tree-like structure that shows the predictor variables used to optimize an outcome variable. Regression trees offer a flexible and interpretable approach for regression analysis, providing insights into the relationships between predictors and the response variable. While regression tree analysis can be applied to various domains, they are particularly useful when dealing with non-linear relationships or when interpretability is desired. 
Regression Tree Analysis is an important tool utilized in statistical analysis. Regression tree analysis is very important in machine learning, simulating neural networks, a leading concept in tech industry.

The data set used for this analysis includes the top 1,000 grossing films of all time. In this data set, the outcome variable is the domestic box office opening revenue. The data set will be used to help with
